# Looker 22 changelog  |  Google Cloud

**Source:** https://cloud.google.com/looker/docs/looker-22-changelog

Skip to main content 
  * English
  * Deutsch
  * Español – América Latina
  * Français
  * Indonesia
  * Italiano
  * Português – Brasil
  * 中文 – 简体
  * 中文 – 繁體

Console  Sign in




Send feedback 
#  Looker 22 changelog
Stay organized with collections  Save and categorize content based on your preferences. 
## 22.20
Changed  Starting in Looker 22.20, custom fields are generally available and admins no longer need to enable a Labs feature in addition to granting permissions to let users create, edit, or delete custom fields. Changed  The **Render Long Tables** Labs feature is now out of Labs and generally available. All PDF and PNG rendered tables now use the faster React-based component. Changed  The **WYSIWYG Text Tiles** Labs feature is now out of Labs and generally available. Dashboard creators and editors can create new **Text** tiles with a visual editing experience. Changed  The **Prerender Iframes (before data loads) for custom visualizations** Labs feature is now a Beta feature rather than an Experimental feature. Changed  Starting in Looker 22.20, the **Link to Data Studio from Explore** feature is generally available and admins no longer need to enable a Labs feature to let users open Explore queries in a Looker Studio report. Changed  The **Open in Data Studio** **Explore actions** gear menu option has been renamed to **Open in Looker Studio**. Changed  The **Revert to Legacy Dashboards** legacy flag has been removed as of Looker 22.20. This means that users can no longer use the dashboards UI to downgrade a dashboard to a legacy dashboard. Changed  Stacked chart visualizations for queries that have **Row Totals** selected will now include a series for row totals (previously this was supported for group charts, but not stacked charts). This may cause unexpected behavior in stacked chart visualizations for queries that include row totals, which previously excluded the row totals series from the visualization. To exclude this series from a visualization, either clear **Row Totals** from the **Data** bar, or select **Hide from visualization** on the row totals column gear menu. Changed  Configuration settings for SAML, LDAP, and OIDC authentication types have changed. When mirror LDAP/SAML/OIDC groups configuration is turned off under the **Groups & Roles** section for the respective authentication type, Looker can no longer use an externally managed group as the default group for new users when they first log in to Looker. Admins now need to change **New User Groups** to non-externally managed groups before making any changes to the existing configuration.
Changed  You can now hide individual pivots from visualizations.  Added  The Labs feature **Full Screen Visualizations** has been added to allow visualizations to be viewed at full screen within dashboards.
Added  Connected Sheets for Looker is generally available as of Looker 22.20. This feature must be enabled using a new **Admin** setting, and is available only for Looker instances that are hosted on Google Cloud.  Added  **Cookieless Embed** is an experimental Labs feature that allows an embed user session to be created without the use of cookies. This features will require some server side configuration. Please see the Looker JavaScript Embed SDK README for setup instructions. Added  The **Looker iOS** mobile app now includes **drilling support** that users can leverage to drill data similar to Looker Web. In addition, Looker users can now receive data **alerts** via push notifications on their iOS devices that will allow them to get those on the go and take timely action. Added  **Data History Playback** produces a time-based animation of the tile's query, displaying the changes in data for that query over time. **Data History Playback** is available for tiles that contain data from an Explore that contains a time field, even if the time field is not present in the query the tile is based on. If a tile is based on an Explore that contains no time fields, **Data History Playback** is unavailable and disabled in the three-dot Tile actions menu. **Data History Playback** is also unavailable for merged results tiles. Added  You can now use the **Cluster Points** option to group many data values into blocks, which can help improve the readability of your visualization when your data appears in high-density groupings. Added  You can now zoom into and enlarge a specific part of any Cartesian visualization. Added  You can now enable any visualization on a dashboard to be expanded and viewed in full screen. Fixed  Previously, the SQL Runner query tab was not resizing correctly when other tabs were opened or closed. This issue has been resolved. Fixed  Cancelling an attempt to unsubscribe from receiving scheduled content deliveries no longer erroneously unsubscribes you from those deliveries. Fixed  Looker will no longer hold locks forever under certain embed use case scenarios. Fixed  The format of subtotals in the PDF rendering context has been fixed. Fixed  Area visualizations with null values that also have the **Unpin Axis From Zero** setting turned on and the **Plot Null Values** setting turned off will now behave as expected and unpin the y-axis from 0. An issue that has since been resolved was causing area charts to plot these visualizations from 0.
## 22.18
Changed  The majority of API 4.0 beta endpoints have been promoted to stable and are marked as such to correctly reflect their status. Endpoints still marked as beta remain beta endpoints and are still subject to breaking changes. Stable endpoints are not subject to breaking changes, so code that is written to use those endpoints should not break in subsequent Looker releases. Looker recommends API 4.0 for all customers who use the API. Changed  Dashboard buttons linking to other Looker pages will keep the /embed prefix if the Looker page is coming from an embedded dashboard. Changed  The **Custom buttons for dashboards** Labs feature is now generally available and the Labs feature has been removed. Changed  The **Dashboard filter location** Labs feature is now generally available and the Labs feature has been removed. Added  External API coverage: The application timezone setting can now be set with the setting API. Added  The **In-page Table Calculations** Labs feature lets users create and edit table calculations directly in an Explore's **Data** section instead of using either the **Create table calculation** or **Edit table calculation** pop-up. Fixed  Previously, the SQL Runner query tab was not resizing correctly when other tabs were opened or closed. This issue has been resolved. Fixed  When LookML code is being inspected with SQL Runner or a System Activity dashboard, public Looks should now record the `look_id` with which the Looks are associated. Fixed  Previously, filters on **Yes/No** dimensions would incorrectly generate "Yes" and "No" SQL statements instead of "true" and "false". This issue has been fixed. Fixed  An issue with the **New LookML Runtime** feature has been fixed. Previously, using `always_filter` on a parameter field would return an error that stated that a blank value was not allowed. Now, suggestions can properly run if `full_suggestions` is turned on. Fixed  The `--no-force-cdn` flag behavior has been corrected to appropriately disable the use of CDN. Fixed  Running queries should now appear near the top of the Enhanced Query Admin page. Fixed  An issue has been fixed where previously hard-deleted dashboards and Looks were not showing as "Moved to Trash."
## 22.16
Changed  If the Data Studio integration is enabled, the **Link to Data Studio from Explore** Labs feature lets users use the **Open in Data Studio Explore** gear menu option to open Explore queries that are run on supported Google database dialects in Data Studio. Changed  Looker is removing browser support for Internet Explorer 11. Changed  Chat support is available on Looker instances that are running an officially supported Looker version. Instances hosted by Looker are automatically updated to supported releases. If your Looker instance is customer-hosted and is running an unsupported Looker version, update your Looker instance to a supported Looker version to gain access to chat support. Changed  Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.0 and 1.1 will be deprecated. Effective September 19, 2022, this will require customer-hosted users to update their internal database to a version of MySQL (5.6.46 or later) or to a version of an alternate DBMS that supports TLS 1.2 or later. Customers (both those who host their own databases and those for whom Looker hosts their databases) who use MySQL as a data source will also need to ensure that these databases are version 5.6.46 or later. Changed  Error responses from Looker API calls now include a `documentation_url` value that provides a specific link to the API error returned when an error occurs. These links now resolve to specific http error code documents, or endpoint-specific error code documents rather than the main looker documentation page. Changed  The Forecasting in visualizations feature is now generally available. Changed  **Google Maps visualizations** are now generally available. Changed  The new Marketplace experience is now generally available. The **New Marketplace Experience** toggle on the **Marketplace** page under the **Platform** section of the **Admin** menu has been removed. Added  The **Query Performance Metrics Explore** in System Activity provides detailed breakdowns of each query that is run from your Looker instance. The **Performance Recommendations dashboard** uses these query metrics to surface opportunities to improve performance on your Looker instance. Added  **Accessible Data Table Visualizations** is a new Looker Labs feature that, when enabled, causes the data table to behave slightly differently in order to be fully accessible for all viewers. Currently, this feature does not support double-clicking on table cells, which previously was used to select the text manually and unpin the row number column from the left side of the visualization. Added  Starting in Looker 22.16, Looker admins can enable the Enhanced Query Admin experimental Labs feature to enhance the **Queries** page. This Labs feature improves performance on the **Queries** page, and it lists 500 paginated queries, rather than 50. Added  A new Looker Labs feature, **Embed Content Navigation** , controls whether the new embed content navigation is available on an instance. This Labs feature will now default to on, with the option of being disabled. Enhanced content navigation is now available for embedded Looks and Explores." Added  Literal aggregates are now supported for the JDBC server. Added  The format for the **Format preview for** **custom fields** option has been changed to improve readability. The value is now 1000.12 instead of 1234.56. Added  A new Labs feature, **Smart Single Value Text Size**, enables the fonts on single value visualizations to be resized to better fit the bounds of their containers. Single value visualization font sizes will increase and decrease to a greater extent than previously. Fixed  The **New LookML Runtime** feature now renders base 64 images in the HTML code of a dimension as expected, even if the **block inline image** Admin setting is not enabled. Fixed  Single record visualizations now render full field names and custom HTML correctly. Fixed  Dashboard elements with multiple y-axes will be displayed correctly when extended. Fixed  Dependency issues for hive2-based dialects that use Kerberos have now been fixed.
## 22.14
Changed  Sorting behavior has been changed for **bin** custom fields on an Explore, such that they are sorted according to the tier number instead of alphabetically on the **bin** column. Added  Stricter Liquid parsing has been added to the New LookML Compiler in order to ensure the proper syntax formatting is used. Example: use `{% parameter foo %}` instead of `{% parameter.foo %}`. If the incorrect syntax is used an error or warning will be thrown. Added  Persistent derived tables (PDTs) are now supported for Google BigQuery connections that use OAuth. See Enabling PDTs for Looker connections to BigQuery with OAuth for more information. Fixed  If a custom dimension produces a "Nesting too deep" error, the error will occur only if the dimension is actually selected, regardless of which **LookML Runtime** feature, Legacy or New, is used. Fixed  A **New LookML Runtime** feature bug, which caused errors with Liquid conditional statements in SQL blocks, has been fixed. Fixed  A bug in the **New LookML Runtime** feature, which prevented derived tables that used Liquid parameters from running, has been fixed. Fixed  A TOTP authentication edge-case issue, which was incorrectly returning a 403 error, has been fixed. Fixed  An issue has been fixed where location coordinates were unintentionally being rounded when they were used as a cross-filter using the **New LookML Runtime** feature. Fixed  Issues with bloated LookML dashboard compilation have been fixed.
## 22.12
Changed  Query context comments no longer include a `history_id` value. Use `history_slug` instead. Changed  To enhance rendering performance, Looker now prioritizes rendering jobs from tasks such as downloading content above rendering jobs from tasks such as delivering content. Changed  Content Validator will no longer display errors for broken dynamic fields that are not included in any dashboards or Looks. Changed  The **Forecasting** Labs feature now has a separate permission that lets admins control which users and groups can create or edit forecasts in visualizations. Changed  The **Add Looks to dashboards** legacy feature has been removed. You can no longer add tiles based on saved content (also known as "Looks") to dashboards directly from the **Add** menu. Added  The new **WYSIWYG Text Tiles** Labs feature lets users create a new kind of dashboard text tile that has a more intuitive and visual editing experience. Added  LookML dashboards with `preferred viewer` set to `dashboards-next` now support grid, tile and static layout types for viewing and rendering. However, tile and static dashboards cannot be converted to user-defined dashboards. Added  You can now use the `_explore._dashboard_url` Liquid variable to obtain the URL for the dashboard from which an Explore or Look is running. Added  A new Marketplace experience is available and enabled by default. To switch between the new and legacy experiences, use the **New Marketplace Experience** toggle on the **Marketplace** page under the **Platform** section of the **Admin** menu. Added  The SAML response size limit is now configurable. Fixed  Column headers and pivot headers no longer inherit value formats for the dimension or measures that are listed below them in XLSX downloads. Fixed  A **bin** custom field type that contains the maximum specified numerical value to infinity is inclusive of the maximum specified numerical value as expected. Fixed  The Scheduler now displays the form for action destinations for saved scheduled deliveries as expected. Fixed  The Scheduler now displays the list of scheduled plans based on a user's permissions as expected.
## 22.10
Changed  The **Whitelabel** page and feature have been renamed to **Private Label**. Changed  The **New Explore Visualizations** Labs feature now applies its changes to Looks, embedded Looks, and embedded Explores, in addition to the content it already affects. Changed  The **SAML**, **LDAP**, and **OpenID Connect** features are enabled by default for instances created on or after Looker 22.10. Added  To address potential Content Security Policy (CSP) violations, there is a new, enhanced loading mechanism for the Looker extension framework. There is a new **Enhanced Extension Loading** toggle on the Platform > Extension Framework panel that Looker admins can use to disable the enhanced loading mechanism if it causes errors when existing extensions are loaded. Fixed  A problem was occurring where the `Percent of Successful Builds` measure in the **PDT Event Log** Explore was showing incorrect results due to integer arithmetic. This issue has been resolved.
## 22.8
Changed  Looker legacy encryption is no longer supported. Customer-hosted instances must be migrated to GCM encryption prior to upgrade. Looker-hosted instances are not affected. Changed  Compound primary keys have been added to the SQL derived tables in the System Activty dashboards. Changed  The **Legacy Query Streaming** legacy feature has been removed. Changed  A dashboard will now re-run if its query parameters are updated through a redirect from a link on a dashboard. Changed  The **Custom buttons for dashboards** Labs feature is now enabled by default. Changed  The `clear_cache_refresh` Labs feature has now moved to general availability. Added  Error messages that are returned on database connection failures have been improved. Added  The Looker Action Hub will now use the IP addresses 104.196.138.163 and 34.74.228.162 as endpoints. These IPs will be added to an invisible allowlist behind the scenes. Added  The **Forecasting** Labs feature, which allows users to add data projections to new or existing Explore queries to help users predict and monitor specific data points, is now enabled by default in preparation for general availability. Added  Looker dashboard editors can now configure the dashboard filter location to be on the right for a particular dashboard. Added  Looker project tab titles will now show more specific default text. Added  The Firebolt dialect now supports symmetric aggregates. Added  The Looker IDE now flags duplicate field labels in a view. Fixed  Conditional formatting for XLSX should work as expected if the conditional formatting metadata references a non-existent field. Fixed  A Schedule dialog that includes no prior plans, when opened from a context other than a dashboard, will show its own dashboard's filter rather than that of the previously opened dashboard. Fixed  New query streamers should output identical HTML to the legacy query streamers. Fixed  Pivoted JSON downloads with multiple aggregate fields should now nest correctly. Fixed  A bug has been fixed in the System Activity **Dashboards** Explore where, previously, legacy dashboard links were incorrectly hardcoded to dashboards-next. Fixed  XLSX downloads should now set the date type correctly. Fixed  Previously, a PDT would try to rebuild into the same name as a previous attempt when that previous attempt had failed with a `QueryKilled` exception. This issue has been resolved. Fixed  The cronstring parse logic has been modified so that minutes recurrence schedules with one-hour intervals are correctly displayed in the Admin **Schedules** panel. Previously, in such one-hour interval minutes recurrence schedules, the end-hour being set was incorrectly using using the default value for the end-hour (6pm). The logic has now been changed so that, for such one-hour intervals, the end-hour = start-hour + 1. Fixed  LookML fields of `type: date` should format correctly in downloads. Fixed  Cached Ruby dates should now be parsable by Kotlin XLSX streamers. Fixed  A previous issue with Support Access settings could cause an unhandled state to lock users out of the instance. This issue has been resolved. Fixed  Personal, group, and shared icons in the embedded Looker UI are now arranged vertically instead of horizontally.
## 22.6
Changed  A new legacy feature, **Legacy LookML Runtime** , disables**New LookML Runtime** by default for all LookML projects. This feature can be overwritten by adding the `new_lookml_runtime` LookML parameter to a LookML project's manifest file. The legacy feature will be removed starting in Looker 22.20. Changed  A new legacy feature, **Legacy Hosted Action Hub** , allows all hosted action requests to instead use the Legacy Hosted Action Hub. The legacy feature will be removed starting in Looker 22.12. Changed  **AES-256 Galois/Counter Mode (GCM) encryption** is now the default for customer-hosted installations. New customer-hosted installations will have to generate an encryption key before installing the Looker application. Looker Legacy Encryption will no longer be supported starting in Looker 22.8. Instances must be migrated to GCM Encryption prior to upgrade. Changed  A maximum of 500 total bins can be created for each **Bin** custom field type. Changed  Radio button filters will now have **any value** at the top instead of **any option**. Changed  **Looker Dialect HyperSQL** has been downgraded to integration support level. Changed  The **Legacy Query Streaming** toggle deprecation has moved to Looker 22.8, and the **Legacy Value Formatting** toggle has been removed. Added  **Advanced filter controls** can be created to either allow multiple filter values or allow only a single filter value on dashboards. Added  We have added support for a one-hour interval for minutes recurrence schedule. Now the interval field does not collapse when you select a one-hour interval with a minutes recurrence in the schedule plan dialog box. Added  In addition to linking to Looks and dashboards, you can now add links to any URL from a board, making it easy to access destinations inside or outside of Looker. Added  The PDT details modal of Looker's **Persistent Derived Tables** admin page now contains a link that lets users open PDT dependency graphs in a new tab. Added  While in edit mode, dashboard creators can select the option to move a tile to the top or bottom of a dashboard. Added  Amazon Aurora database connections now support a **Cost Estimate** option. This option enables cost estimates for Explore queries, cost estimates for SQL Runner queries, and computation savings estimates for aggregate awareness queries on the connection. Also in Looker 22.6, cost estimates are always enabled for MySQL connections and Amazon RDS for MySQL connections. Added  We have introduced a beta Labs feature, **Custom buttons for dashboard**. When this feature is enabled, users can add URL links as buttons on dashboards. Added  Admins logging in to new trial Looker instances for the first time will see guidance in the UI to help set up their instance and to connect to and explore their data. Added  New actions offer integrations for sending data from Looker to Salesforce and Facebook for better targeting. With the Salesforce Campaigns Action, customers can send custom lists of leads or contacts from Looker to populate new or existing campaigns within Salesforce. Added  With the Facebook Custom Audiences Action, customers can use their first-party data within Looker to create, update, or replace customer lists in Facebook Custom Audiences. Added  Dashboard tiles can be made very small to increase information density. You can even hide the title of a tile to take full advanage of the feature. Fixed  Filters with options will now correctly show the selected values when the options contain special characters like a backslash, caret, or trailing whitespace. Fixed  In some cases, inconsistent names were previously used in XLSX downloads. This behavior has been corrected; now "sheet1" is used as the name of the sheet. Fixed  In some cases, raw date fields and Boolean values with `run_look` in JSON format were inconsistent. This behavior has been corrected via the new streamers. Fixed  A change to the schedule modal enables action destinations forms to be displayed for saved schedule plans. Fixed  Cached queries streamed through the new query streamers against Snowflake with the `QUOTED_IDENTIFIERS_IGNORE_CASE` setting enabled should now output data as expected. Fixed  Multiple aggregate fields in a cached streamed query should now be visible in downloads. Fixed  Conditional formatting with font and background colors using three-digit hex codes should now work for XLSX downloads. Fixed  In some cases, `type: date` LookML fields were formatted incorrectly in downloads. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Year and month dates should now display correctly in XLSX downloads when you use the legacy query streamers. Fixed  An issue where users could not set or update their HTTPS credentials for remote project import has been fixed.
## 22.4
Changed  Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.0 and 1.1 will be deprecated on September 19, 2022. Looker-hosted customers don't need to take any action. Self-hosted customers will need to update their internal database to a version that supports TLS 1.2+. For MySQL, version 5.6.46+ supports TLS 1.2+. Changed  Filenames in a LookML project can no longer contain the `%` character. Existing files that contain `%` characters will display an error and a tooltip that explains why the files need to be renamed to remove the character. See the naming conventions for more information. Changed  Customers on Looker 22.4 need to update their mobile app version to the latest Looker mobile version (v1.2.3) to continue using Looker on iOS mobile devices. Changed  The **User Activity** dashboard has been updated to use a `compliance_user_permissions` table to ensure that user counts displayed in the dashboard show the latest results from this table. Changed  The **User Activity** dashboard has been updated to match contractual verbiage for User type descriptions ("Content Creator" is now "Standard"; "Data-Consumer" is now "Viewer"). Changed  The logic of `user_facts.is_looker_employee` has been adjusted to count only support agents. Added  Looker now supports MySQL 8.0 as an internal database. Looker-hosted customers don't need to take any action. Self-hosted customers who use MySQL as their internal database may update their internal database version. Added  The Looker API 4.0 is now generally available. Added  There is now a separate permission for creating and editing custom fields: `create_custom_fields`. This permission lets admins control which users can create or edit custom fields, while letting them create and edit table calculations with `create_table_calculations`. Users who had the `create_table_calculations` permission on instances with the **Custom Fields** Labs feature enabled prior to Looker 22.4 will automatically be granted the `create_custom_fields` permission. Added  Unencoded `%` characters in URLs cause some Looker pages, such as Explores, to not load. Previously Looker did not prevent the use of `%` characters in IDE filenames, and customers were not warned that using these characters in filenames might break certain pages. This change prevents the use of the `%` character in filenames in the Looker IDE when files are created or renamed; additionally, an error and a tooltip now appear in the IDE file browser when these filenames are present, explaining that these files should be renamed. Added  To address potential Content Security Policy (CSP) violations, there will be a new loading mechanism for the Looker extension framework. With this release, there is a method for developers to test their extensions with the new loader to fix any potential issues before the new loader goes live. Added  PostgreSQL and Amazon Redshift connections now support a **Cost Estimate** option. This option enables cost estimates for Explore queries, cost estimates for SQL Runner queries, and computation savings estimates for aggregate awareness queries on the connection. Added  A new configuration has been introduced: `--max-scheduled-plans` allows admins to limit the number of active scheduled plans if necessary. Not enforced by default. Added  The schedule editor modal now supports pre-population of the secret key for Amazon S3 schedules. This means that the user won't need to manually enter the secret key while editing an Amazon S3 schedule. Added  An **Add** button on the **Connections** page in the **Admin** panel now displays a popover that contains a copy-able list of the available egress IPs. Added  Configurable cost estimate support has been added for Redshift. The new setting is `@cost_estimate_style = :configurable`. The configurable cost estimate feature is gated behind the `Cost Estimate` connection setting. Added  The **API Usage** Explore has been added to the Explore menu UI. Added  The **Permission Set Type** dimension has been added to the **Permission Set** view. Fixed  The **Test As User** functionality on the **New Connection** page was not working. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Custom embed themes applied from a URL are now considered part of `dashboard-next` schedules. Fixed  Customers shared scratch schemas across instances where PDT maintenance was being run less frequently than once per week, which was causing one instance to drop all the others' tables because of an inactive registration key. This behavior has been corrected with a dynamically set registration key, whose lifetime is greater than the maximum PDT maintenance interval. Fixed  Under certain circumstances, Looker would render dates from Explores and Looks into XLS and CSV incorrectly. This behavior has been corrected.
## 22.2
Changed  Errors that occur before any data is streamed will now be injected into XLSX downloads. Changed  When a table chart column is resized, the contents of the header row automatically wrap to multiple lines, if necessary, so the content is clearly readable. This can be configured with the new **Truncate Column Names** table chart option. Added  A new API endpoint, `import_lookml_dashboard`, copies a LookML dashboard as a user-defined dashboard and saves it in a folder. Added  Starting in Looker 22.2, Looker supports OpenJDK 11, and Looker-hosted deployments will use OpenJDK 11 by default. Customer-hosted deployments can upgrade to OpenJDK 11. Added  When you add a new tile to a dashboard, any existing dashboard filters will automatically be applied to filterable fields on the tile. Added  Snowflake connections now support a **Cost Estimate** option. This option enables cost estimates for Explore queries, cost estimates for SQL Runner queries, and computation savings estimates for aggregate awareness queries on the connection. Added  A new **Enable PDT API Control** connection setting enables three new API calls: `start_pdt_build`, `check_pdt_build`, and `stop_pdt_build`. Added  When you hover over a column header in a table chart, a tooltip now displays the full name of the column header. Added  You can now move LookML dashboards into folders other than the **LookML Dashboards** folder. Fixed  Queries that are executed with a username that is specified from `user_attributes` will no longer be incorrectly identified as zombie queries and killed. Fixed  All C0 escape characters are now properly escaped for downloaded reports. Fixed  Users who do not have access to any boards will no longer see endless loading when they attempt to add a dashboard to a board. Fixed  Previously, a folder that had a trailing space in its name and that was created with the API could not be deleted. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Previously, **Group** custom field types that were created on `dimension_group` fields could fail to activate necessary joins in SQL. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Previously, users could not create a **Group** custom field type on existing custom fields. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found where `$$ was shown as `$` on Explore tables. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found with Aragonite and localized LookML models where labels in downloads showed their raw values rather than their localized values. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found with the Aragonite beta feature where invalid field references in a `sql_distinct_key` in LookML could cause LookML Validator to crash. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found where using dimension fill on a field with `datatype: date` could crash the new Aragonite runtime. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found where Aragonite caused a 500 error to be returned in the case where a query that contained a custom measure was filtering on a field that no longer existed. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found with the new Aragonite runtime where, after a LookML change or restart, some queries on a dashboard might fail to load but would then load on refresh. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found where Aragonite would crash on an invalid filter on a measure of `type: list`. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  An issue was found with Aragonite where a **Median** custom field type could cause a 500 error. This behavior has been corrected.
## 22.0
Changed  A new save flow available from the Explore page lets users include, as dashboard filters, filters that are on the first query users save to a dashboard. Changed  Users now have better visibility into server errors when using Explores. Changed  Private embed users can now be granted browse access to the **Shared** folder. Changed  The **URL Links in Boards** Labs feature is now on by default for all customer instances. Changed  Support access is disabled by default for all instances. Customers now must use an allowlist to grant specific people access to their instance. Changed  PrestoSQL and Trino now default to `set SSLVerification=NONE` (if **Verify SSL** is not set) or `set SSLVerification=FULL` (if **Verify SSL** is set). If you set your own value for `SSLVerification`, that value will be used. Changed  Updates to custom fields and table calculation field picker menu options include renaming **Quick Calculations** to **Calculations**, renaming the **List** and **Count** custom field types to, respectively, **List of unique values** and **Count distinct**, and other small changes. Changed  Popular fields are no longer displayed in the field picker search bar. Admins can enable a legacy feature, **Popular fields in explore search**, to restore the **Popular Fields** drop-down to Explore searches. The legacy feature will be removed starting in Looker 22.20. Changed  The following JDBC drivers have been updated: Firebolt (v.1.21), Microsoft SQL Server (v.9.4), Databricks Spark (v.2.6.21.1039), and Amazon Athena (v.2.0.25.1001). Changed  Max scheduled job age is now configurable with `env var SCHEDULED_JOB_MAX_AGE_DAYS=20`. Changed  A new legacy feature, **Allow double click to select text in textarea in Table Visualizations** , lets users double-click on table cell values to manually select text. The legacy feature will be removed starting in Looker 22.20.**Save as Look keyboard shortcut**, allows users to save as Looks by using a keyboard shortcut. The legacy feature will be removed starting in Looker 22.14. Added  Looker administrators now have the ability to make all users' personal folders private by default using the Default Private Personal Folders option from Looker's general settings page. Added  The `GET /folder/:id` API endpoint (in all API versions) now returns LookML dashboards that have been moved into the folder using the **LookML Dashboard Organization** feature. Added  Spartan-specific links are now generated for spartan users. Added  The **Embed Content Management** Labs feature is now in open beta. This feature enables content management features such as moving, copying, and deleting content from the new embed navigation page. Added  The **Cookieless Login** Labs feature is now in open beta. This feature enables limited SSO embedding functionality for browsers that block third-party cookies. Added  The left navigation menu can now be toggled using a keyboard shortcut (Command+; on Mac or Ctrl+; on Windows). Added  **Table Calculations** can be added by using the **Add Calculations** button on the **Data** bar when the **Custom Fields** Labs feature is enabled, and users now have access to shortcut calculations when the **Custom Fields** labs feature is not enabled. Added  The new **At a Glance** section on the PDT Admin page provides key PDT monitoring information in a condensed format. Added  For a small subset of Looker customers, query holding can be a significant bottleneck. For cases with heavy dynamic attributes usage, it may be preferable to toggle off held queries entirely. If Looker is started with the command line argument `--experimental-features=query-holding-opt-out`, queries will not be held. Added  A field has been added to let customers add their preferred key exchange algorithm to the SFTP scheduled plan destination. Added  Users can now sort on columns in a drill overlay. Fixed  Using the **LookML Dashboards Organization** feature sometimes caused certain dashboard menu options to be unavailable. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Conditional formats now work correctly on the new XLSX streamer. Fixed  If a dashboard had two tiles that had the same queries/SQL but that were hiding different fields from visualization, two queries with the same SQL were sent to the database instead of just one. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Conditional formatting colors differed when content was downloaded in Excel format. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Special characters were not escaped in API JSON responses. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Double-pivoted Looks that were scheduled or sent in CSV format with all results only showed the second pivot in the header. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  In some scenarios, a query that was in a complete state would allow clients to fetch the results but encounter issues if the results contained error messages. Because these results had not been written to the cache, they would sometimes be reported as "missing." This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  In some scenarios, customers could see extended render times for dashboards when using HSQL. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  In some cases, a customer could exceed the Looker database primary key size. This behavior has been corrected. Fixed  Looker has addressed some cases that were impacting LookML dashboards' folder movement and loading.`
Send feedback 
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-07-26 UTC.


