# set  |  Looker  |  Google Cloud

**Source:** https://cloud.google.com/looker/docs/reference/param-view-set

Skip to main content 
  * Español – América Latina

Console 


  * On this page
  * Common challenges
    * Fields from another view must be joined to the Explore where set is being used
    * Adding fields from a dimension_group to a set




Was this helpful?
Send feedback 
#  set
bookmark_borderbookmark Stay organized with collections  Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
  * On this page
  * Common challenges
    * Fields from another view must be joined to the Explore where set is being used
    * Adding fields from a dimension_group to a set


## Usage
See more code actions.
Light code theme
Dark code theme
```
view: view_name {
   set: set_name {
      fields: [field, field, …]
   }
}

```

Hierarchy `set` |  Possible Field Types Dimension, Dimension Group, Filter Field, MeasureAccepts A square-bracketed list of field names  
---|---  
## Definition
Sets can be useful when referenced in other parameters, like `fields` (for joins) and `drill_fields` (for fields), that need lists of fields.
You define each set using the `set` parameter. A set can contain any number of dimensions, measures, or filter fields from the current view, including the individual dimensions generated by a dimension group. It can also contain fields from other views using the `view_name.field_name` syntax.
Inside the `set` parameter, you add a `fields` parameter and then list the fields, as in this example:
```
set: my_first_set {
  fields: [
    dimension_one,
    another_view.dimension_two,
    measure_one
  ]
}

```

Sets can also contain _other_ sets. To differentiate a set name from the name of a dimension or measure, add a `*` character. For example:
```
set: my_first_set {
  fields: [
    dimension_one,
    another_view.dimension_two,
    measure_one
  ]
}

set: my_second_set {
  fields: [
    dimension_three,
    measure_two
  ]
}

set: my_third_set {
  fields: [
    my_first_set*,
    my_second_set*
  ]
}

```

The set named `my_third_set` will contain these fields:
  * `dimension_one`
  * `another_view.dimension_two`
  * `measure_one`
  * `dimension_three`
  * `measure_two`


Finally, fields can be excluded using the `-` character. For example:
```
set: my_first_set {
  fields: [
    dimension_one,
    another_view.dimension_two,
    measure_one
  ]
}

set: my_second_set {
  fields: [
    dimension_three,
    measure_two
  ]
}

set: my_third_set {
  fields: [
    my_first_set*,
    my_second_set*
  ]
}

set: my_fourth_set {
  fields: [
    my_first_set*,
    -measure_one
  ]
}

```

The set named `my_fourth_set` will contain these fields:
  * `dimension_one`
  * `another_view.dimension_two`


## Examples
Make a set called `financial_data`
```
set: financial_data {
  fields: [
    subtotal,
    shipping,
    tax,
    total,
    cost,
    profit
  ]
}

```

Make a set called `basic_customer_data` in the **Customers** view that also references the **Customer Order Facts** view:
```
set: basic_customer_data {
  fields: [
    name,
    address,
    status,
    customer_order_facts.lifetime_orders,
    customer_order_facts.lifetime_revenue
  ]
}

```

## Common challenges
### Fields from another view must be joined to the Explore where `set` is being used
If you want to reference a field in `set` that is from another view, you need to make sure that view is joined to the Explore where `set` is being used. For example, this will not work:
_Model File_
```
explore: orders { ... }

```

_View File_
```
view: orders {
  set: customer_info {
    fields: [customer.name]
  }
}

```

Here `customers` hasn't been joined to `orders`, so a field from `customers` can't be referenced in the `customer_info` set.
### Adding fields from a `dimension_group` to a set
When you want to add fields from a `dimension_group` to a set, you'll need to add each time frame dimension individually. For example, consider this `dimension_group`:
```
dimension_group: created {
  type: time
  timeframes: [date, week, month]
  sql: ${TABLE}.created_at ;;
}

```

You cannot add the day, week, and month dimension to a set like this:
```
set: created_timeframes {
  fields: [created]
}

```

Instead, you'll need to add the timeframes individually, like this:
```
set: created_timeframes {
  fields: [
    created_date,
    created_week,
    created_month
  ]
}

```

Was this helpful?
Send feedback 
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-07-22 UTC.


