# Get All Looks  |  Looker  |  Google Cloud

**Source:** https://cloud.google.com/looker/docs/reference/looker-api/latest/methods/Look/all_looks

Skip to main content 


  * Español – América Latina

Console 
  * On this page
  * Get information about all active Looks




Was this helpful?
Send feedback 
#  Get All Looks
bookmark_borderbookmark Stay organized with collections  Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
  * On this page
  * Get information about all active Looks


Version 4.0.25.10 (latest) 
### Get information about all active Looks
Returns an array of **abbreviated Look objects** describing all the looks that the caller has access to. Soft-deleted Looks are **not** included.
Get the **full details** of a specific look by id with look(id)
Find **soft-deleted looks** with search_looks()
## Request
GET /looks 
Datatype
Description
Request
HTTP Request 
query
HTTP Query 
Expand HTTP Query definition... 
fields
string 
Requested fields.
## Response
400: Bad Request404: Not Found429: Too Many Requests More
Datatype
Description
(array)
can
_lock_
object 
Operations the current user is able to perform on this object
content_metadata_id
_lock_
string 
Id of content metadata
id
_lock_
string 
Unique Id
title
string 
Look Title
user_id
string 
User Id
content_favorite_id
_lock_
string 
Content Favorite Id
created_at
_lock_
string 
Time that the Look was created.
deleted
boolean 
Whether or not a look is 'soft' deleted.
deleted_at
_lock_
string 
Time that the Look was deleted.
deleter_id
_lock_
string 
Id of User that deleted the look.
description
string 
Description
embed_url
_lock_
string 
Embed Url
excel_file_url
_lock_
string 
Excel File Url
favorite_count
_lock_
integer 
Number of times favorited
google_spreadsheet_formula
_lock_
string 
Google Spreadsheet Formula
image_embed_url
_lock_
string 
Image Embed Url
is_run_on_load
boolean 
auto-run query when Look viewed
last_accessed_at
_lock_
string 
Time that the Look was last accessed by any user
last_updater_id
_lock_
string 
Id of User that last updated the look.
last_viewed_at
_lock_
string 
Time last viewed in the Looker web UI
model
_lock_
Model
Expand LookModel definition... 
id
_lock_
string 
Model Id
label
_lock_
string 
Model Label
public
boolean 
Is Public
public_slug
_lock_
string 
Public Slug
public_url
_lock_
string 
Public Url
query_id
string 
Query Id
short_url
_lock_
string 
Short Url
folder
_lock_
Folder of this Look
Expand FolderBase definition... 
name
string 
Unique Name
parent_id
string 
Id of Parent. If the parent id is null, this is a root-level entry
id
_lock_
string 
Unique Id
content_metadata_id
_lock_
string 
Id of content metadata
created_at
_lock_
string 
Time the folder was created
creator_id
_lock_
string 
User Id of Creator
child_count
_lock_
integer 
Children Count
external_id
_lock_
string 
Embedder's Id if this folder was autogenerated as an embedding shared folder via 'external_group_id' in an SSO embed login
is_embed
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is an embed folder
is_embed_shared_root
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is the root embed shared folder
is_embed_users_root
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is the root embed users folder
is_personal
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is a user's personal folder
is_personal_descendant
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is descendant of a user's personal folder
is_shared_root
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is the root shared folder
is_users_root
_lock_
boolean 
Folder is the root user folder
can
_lock_
object 
Operations the current user is able to perform on this object
folder_id
string 
Folder Id
updated_at
_lock_
string 
Time that the Look was updated.
user_name
_lock_
string 
Name of User that created the look.
view_count
_lock_
integer 
Number of times viewed in the Looker web UI
Datatype
Description
(object)
message
_lock_
string 
Error details
documentation_url
_lock_
string 
Documentation link
Datatype
Description
(object)
message
_lock_
string 
Error details
documentation_url
_lock_
string 
Documentation link
Datatype
Description
(object)
message
_lock_
string 
Error details
documentation_url
_lock_
string 
Documentation link
## Examples
More
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/examples/python/lookersdk-flask/app/looker.py   
---  
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/examples/ruby/delete_unused_content.rb   
---  
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/kotlin/src/test/TestAsync.kt   
---  
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/kotlin/src/test/TestMethods.kt   
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/kotlin/src/test/TestMethods.kt   
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/packages/sdk-node/test/methods.spec.ts   
---  
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/packages/sdk-node/test/sdk.apispec.ts   
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/swift/looker/Tests/lookerTests/methodsTests.swift   
---  
https://github.com/looker-open-source/sdk-codegen/blob/main/swift/looker/Tests/lookerTests/smokeTests.swift   
Was this helpful?
Send feedback 
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-07-22 UTC.


